Consul Upstream Load Balancing lab (#244)
hashicorp/katakoda: consul-upstream-load-balancing/intro.md

# Load balancing in Consul service mesh with Envoy

> In this hands-on lab, you will operate a Consul datacenter, deployed using Docker, to configure load balancing policies on Envoy sidecar proxies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this hands-on lab, you will operate a Consul datacenter deployed using Docker and configure load balancing policies on service sidecar proxies.
```

Specifically, you will:

> - Inspect the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inspect the environment with the Consul CLI
```

- Verify default *least_request* load balancing policy
- Use centralized configuration to set service defaults

> - Used the _maglev_ policy to configure load balancing with sticky session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the _maglev_ policy to configure load balancing with sticky session
```
